tech_docs.md, before:

# Technical Documentation

This is a record of my communications and thoughts through implementing the challenge

## Initial Challenge Statement

Create a single screen divided into left and right sections. On the left, display a list of selected items (will be empty at first). On the right, display the menu. When a menu item is selected, show it in the list on the left along with its modifiers. The menu structure is broken up into 3 sections: Groups, Items, Modifiers. When a group is selected, show its items below. When an item is selected, replace item selection with modifier selection, but leave groups visible.

## Requirement Clarification

`Can a selected item have more than one modifier? My naive assumption is to say yes.`

**Yea, it can have more than one modifier.**

`Do you have a preference on the device size for which the UI should be optimized? The only physical device I have available for testing is my Nexus 6P`

**No preference but our current target is the Samsung 8".**

`Is the `102` button supposed to be a child node of the `101` button, or it supposed to be a sibling?`

**The gist is that Miniature and Board Games are siblings.**

## Process

- Force Landscape Orientation
- Redux for state management (copy app structure from peckish app)
    - I was interested in a pattern for logically separating the actions and reducers. I pulled this in from the peckish project, but I designed my app state in such a way that its methodology for composing reducers wasn't easily compatible. So, for now, I'm working from a single reducer function where common functionality is split into utility functions. 
- React Navigation for Items - ModGrp - ModItems  sub screen
    - Initial try before fully implementing state: Got it to render as a sub-component, but it seems at cursory glance that it's only possible to have a stylizable navigator by implementing a fully customized one. For this reason, I think react-navigation is overkill for my use-case, and I think the relatively simple functionality required for this app can be handled with redux directly.
- App State:
    - SelectionContainer
        - ConfirmedSelections? (array of selections, shape of which defined below)
        - ActiveSelection?
            - groupId: number
            - itemId: number
            - modifiers: array<number>
    - GroupContainer
        - SelectedGroup?
    - ItemContainer
        - ActiveScreenId?
    - NavContainer
        - ButtonIsEnabled
            - undo: bool
            - accept: bool

Commit message:

Functional item and selection container

tech_docs.md, after:

# Technical Documentation

This is a record of my communications and thoughts through implementing the challenge

## Initial Challenge Statement

Create a single screen divided into left and right sections. On the left, display a list of selected items (will be empty at first). On the right, display the menu. When a menu item is selected, show it in the list on the left along with its modifiers. The menu structure is broken up into 3 sections: Groups, Items, Modifiers. When a group is selected, show its items below. When an item is selected, replace item selection with modifier selection, but leave groups visible.

Attached is JSON data that contains some games. The following business rules apply:

```
·         checkDesc - what to show on the left side
·         basePrice - if greater than 0, display price
·         modifierType: 
o    OPTIONAL means these are optional things that can be added to the parent item.
o    NONE means nothing.
·         salesMode: 
o    BUTTON_ONLY means it is basically a “group” and is not an item that gets added to the left. Its children might.
o    NORMAL means show on left when clicked.
o    MODIFIER_GROUP means it is a group of things that can “modify” it’s parent. For example, Dark Souls can come with Painted Miniatures.
o    TERMINAL means there are no children, but should be added to item list with its parent item..
``` 


## Requirement Clarification

`Can a selected item have more than one modifier? My naive assumption is to say yes.`

**Yea, it can have more than one modifier.**

`Do you have a preference on the device size for which the UI should be optimized? The only physical device I have available for testing is my Nexus 6P`

**No preference but our current target is the Samsung 8".**

`Is the `102` button supposed to be a child node of the `101` button, or it supposed to be a sibling?`

**The gist is that Miniature and Board Games are siblings.**

## Process

- Force Landscape Orientation
- Redux for state management (copy app structure from peckish app)
    - I was interested in a pattern for logically separating the actions and reducers. I pulled this in from the peckish project, but I designed my app state in such a way that its methodology for composing reducers wasn't easily compatible. So, for now, I'm working from a single reducer function where common functionality is split into utility functions. 
- React Navigation for Items - ModGrp - ModItems  sub screen
    - Initial try before fully implementing state: Got it to render as a sub-component, but it seems at cursory glance that it's only possible to have a stylizable navigator by implementing a fully customized one. For this reason, I think react-navigation is overkill for my use-case, and I think the relatively simple functionality required for this app can be handled with redux directly.
- App State:
    - SelectionContainer
        - ConfirmedSelections? (array of selections, shape of which defined below)
        - ActiveSelection?
            - groupId: number
            - itemId: number
            - modifiers: array<number>
    - GroupContainer
        - SelectedGroup?
    - ItemContainer
        - ActiveScreenId?
    - NavContainer
        - ButtonIsEnabled
            - undo: bool
            - accept: bool
